Add policy for core contributor expanded access (#1165)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/engineering/core-contributor-expanded-access.md

# Core contributor expanded access policy

> At times we have community members who are contributing to projects or areas that require access to private repositories or systems that are not typically available to community members. Access can be granted on a case-by-case basis if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At times we have community members who are contributing to projects or areas that require access to private repositories or systems that are not typically available to community members. Access can be granted on a case-by-case basis when:
```
```suggestion
At times we have community members who are contributing to projects or areas that require access to private repositories or systems that are not typically available to community members. Access can be granted on a case-by-case basis if:
```

* The contributor is a trusted, long-standing member of the community.
* They are not being given access to production systems.

> * The division head for the system being given access to and Security Operations approves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The system's division head and Security Operations approves.
```

* The contributor has signed Mattermost's Non-Disclosure Agreement.

## Getting approval

1. Use the following template to send an email to the division head. It may make sense to give them a heads-up via community.mattermost.com first. Make sure to cc security-ops@mattermost.com and anyone else you consider relevant.

```
Subject: Request for Community Member Access - <contributor-name>

Hi <division-head-name>,

I would like to request access to <system> for <contributor-name>. They will require <permissions-they-need>.

The justification for this expanded access is <justification>.

<contributor-name> has been a reliable part of the community for <length-of-time> and is trusted.

Thanks,

<your-name>
```

2. Wait for the division head and Security Operations to approve via email.

> 3. Ask the community member to sign the standard Mattermost NDA (link for process needed).

Author: I spoke with Nirosha about the ideal process for this. There's a new tool and process coming soon to support this. I'll add the link once the documentation on that process is ready.
